my name is Pam dinner and I love love
sharing ideas how we as a marketers can
do better job supporting sales when
marketing is the right sales and
marketing can coexist beautifully I
really have a lot of content about b2b
digital content marketing and the sales
enablement so if you are interested and
you like to read please check out the
blog post you can also check out my book
my first book global content marketing
it's really a book that my ideas my
observation how to set up a process to
scale content a cost region and I'm
writing a second book I don't know what
I'm thinking really but the second book
is about effective sales enablement if
you like to listen instead of reading
check out my seven-minute podcast with
Pam if you like me to speak at your
conference I am all yours really so
please contact me via the contact form
if you have any marketing questions and
concerns just reach out I will see what
I can do to help out ok I hope to hear
from you take care bye
[Music]